Convert `DllImport` uses to `LibraryImport` (#40822)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/native-interop/disabled-marshalling.md

## Examples

> The following example shows some features that are enabled or disabled when runtime marshalling is disabled. These examples use `[DllImport]` as opposed to the recommended `[LibraryImport]` to demonstrate the manual application of this guidance. The in-box Roslyn Analyzer will provide additional guidance when `[LibraryImport]` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows some features that are enabled or disabled when runtime marshalling is disabled. To demonstrate the manual application of this guidance, these examples use `[DllImport]` as opposed to the recommended `[LibraryImport]` attribute. The analyzer with ID [SYSLIB1054](../../fundamentals/syslib-diagnostics/syslib1050-1069.md) provides additional guidance when you use `[LibraryImport]`.
```
